Cocos2d-x Extensions
=================
This repo is a collection of quality 3rd party extensions and additions for the Cocos2D-X Engine.  
Everything that doesn’t modify Cocos2D-X itself, while bringing new functionality can become a part of Cocos2D-X-Extensions Repo: alternative versions of existing classes, additional categories, new nodes, actions, etc…  
  
As well as Cocos2D-X, Cocos2D Extensions are licensed under the MIT License.

Cocos2D-X Extensions subforum: http://www.cocos2d-iphone.org/forum/forum/17  

How to get the source
===================== 

```
    git clone git@github.com:jandujar/cocos2d-x-extensions.git
    cd cocos2d-x-extensions
  
	# init cocos2d-x submodules in order to build & run the tests.
    git submodule update --init
	
```

Files & Folders
=================
* **cocos2d-x** - cocos2d-x 1.x submodule.
* **Extensions** - folders with extensions sources, that can be inlcuded in your project.
* **ExtensionTests** - sources & resources of Extensions demos.

Extensions
=================
 * **NdCxList** - Does not work property.
 * **AdvanceSprite** - Works.
 * **AdvenceParticle** - Works.
 * **CCMenuItemDynamic** - Dynamic Menu Item Button. Works.
 * **DecoratedBox** - Dynamic Sprite. Works.
 * **CCButton** - Bug on win32 version. 
 * **PSModalAlert** - Pop-up with fixed images and fixed size.
 * **JACModalAlert** - Pop-up with dynamic size.
 * **CCTabView** - Tabs. Works.
 * **SlidingMenu** - Works.
 * **TableView** - Test does not work.
 * **CCNetwork** - Working, Asyncronous json parser.
 * **CCMosquittoClient** - Working, MQTT client.
Contributing
================
Looking for bugs or TODO's? Check the [issues](https://github.com/jandujar/cocos2d-x-extensions/issues "Issues") page.  
Want to share your own extension for cocos2d? Read this: [Adding-new-Extension](https://github.com/jandujar/cocos2d-x-extensions/wiki/Adding-new-Extension)  
Know something that should be inlcuded in cocos2d-x-extensions-repo? Got problems and/or found a bug? [Create an Issue](https://github.com/jandujar/cocos2d-x-extensions/issues/new "New Issue")